README.rst, before:

DecoraterBot Async Version
==========================

|image0| |image1|

.. figure:: /resources/images/AppIcon/AS.png

What is DecoraterBot?
---------------------

DecoraterBot is an extendable Discord bot that is written in
`Python <https://www.python.org/>`__. It is currently maintained and
developed by @\ `AraHaan <https://github.com/AraHaan>`__,
@\ `DavidNeon <https://github.com/DavidNeon>`__, and rarely
@\ `JakesDen <https://github.com/jakesden>`__.

Contributors
------------

@\ `AraHaan <https://github.com/AraHaan>`__ - Bot Developer

.. raw:: html

   <!--
   CheeseCast is sadly no longer part of Documentation. :cry: He just does not want issues with projects like this.
   @[CheeseCast](https://github.com/CheeseCast) - Documentation & Spell-checker.. (hue)
   -->

@\ `DavidNeon <https://github.com/DavidNeon>`__ - Bot Developer, Code
Changer, & More.

@\ `JakesDen <https://github.com/jakesden>`__ - Assistant Bot Developer,
Code Changer, & More.

Commands
--------

View the list of bot commands
`here <https://github.com/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot-cogs/blob/master/Commands.md>`__.

Future Updates
--------------

The bot gets updated and tested regularly. Pushes are released when
features are stable.

Rewrites
--------

This bot from time to time might go through some rewrites to fix major
and minor bugs in code.

Because of such it might sometimes means that it drops support for other
things.

A such major rewrite was the commands extension one and then soon after
a rewrite yet again to drop support for Python 3.4.

The reason for dropping support for 3.4 is because Discord.py will do
the same soon as well when 3.5 is released on Debian systems.

Submitting Plugins
------------------

As of April 8th 2017 it is now not recommended to submit plugins to this
repository. Submit them to
`here <https://github.com/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot-cogs>`__ as a
pull request instead.

Configuration
-------------

To run this bot you will need 2 things:

    A working Discord Bot Token.

    Your Account ID

Configuration is in ``\\resources\\ConfigData\\``.

Before setting configuration be sure to copy
``Credentials_example.json`` to ``Credentials.json``.

More Documentation on setting that file is `here </Credentials.md>`__.

After you have configurated the bot with a token you can run the bot
like so:

Windows
=======

    with ``DecoraterBot.bat`` that uses the version of python you have
    on the windows path environment variable.

Note: *Before running any of those above patch files you need to run
this file below to install dependencies on your version of python you
installed.*

    ``install_deps.bat`` installs dependencies on the version of python
    you have on the windows path environment variable.

Linux
=====

    with ``DecoraterBot-35.sh`` that uses the current installed Python
    3.5 Interpreter.

    with ``DecoraterBot-36.sh`` that uses the current installed Python
    3.6 Interpreter.

First things first you need to install to ensure you have ``libffi-dev``
installed. You will have to also install ``ffmpeg``.

Now you have to install all dependencies to the bot using these files
(only after you install ``libffi-dev`` and ``ffmpeg``):

    install\_deps-3.5.sh

    install\_deps-3.6.sh

However you will also need to ensure you have the latest ``libopus``
installed.

Other Platforms
===============

This bot should work on other platforms as well, provided that all the
dependencies work for it as well.

Want to help with the bot?
--------------------------

Join the official Cheese.lab servers to help test and contribute to the
development of the bot.

|image2|

And the Bot's Original Server (Kinda dead right now):

|image3|

*Documentation isn't finished yet.*

.. |image0| image:: https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/689e8253ad204350a57ef03cde0818fa
   :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/AraHaan/DecoraterBot?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=AraHaan/DecoraterBot&utm_campaign=badger
.. |image1| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot.svg
   :target: https://github.com/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot/issues
.. |image2| image:: https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/81812480254291968/widget.png?style=banner2
   :target: https://discord.gg/lab
.. |image3| image:: https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/121816417937915904/widget.png?style=banner2
   :target: https://discord.gg/hNMKZ5Z

Commit message:

Changes and added description files.
The description files are for auto generating text for the bot's entry
at https://bots.discord.pw/bots/104976661711179776.

README.rst, after:

DecoraterBot Async Version
==========================

|image0| |image1|

.. figure:: /resources/images/AppIcon/AS.png

What is DecoraterBot?
---------------------

DecoraterBot is an extendable Discord bot that is written in
`Python <https://www.python.org/>`__. It is currently maintained and
developed by @\ `AraHaan <https://github.com/AraHaan>`__,
@\ `DavidNeon <https://github.com/DavidNeon>`__, and rarely
@\ `JakesDen <https://github.com/jakesden>`__.

Contributors
------------

@\ `AraHaan <https://github.com/AraHaan>`__ - Bot Developer

.. raw:: html

   <!--
   CheeseCast is sadly no longer part of Documentation. :cry: He just does not want issues with projects like this.
   @[CheeseCast](https://github.com/CheeseCast) - Documentation & Spell-checker.. (hue)
   -->

@\ `DavidNeon <https://github.com/DavidNeon>`__ - Bot Developer, Code
Changer, & More.

@\ `JakesDen <https://github.com/jakesden>`__ - Assistant Bot Developer,
Code Changer, & More.

Commands
--------

View the list of bot commands
`here <https://github.com/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot-cogs/blob/master/Commands.md>`__.

Future Updates
--------------

The bot gets updated and tested regularly. Pushes are released when
features are stable.

Description
-----------

The ``description.rst.in``, ``description.rst``, and the
``description.html`` files are used to generate the bot's description
`here <https://bots.discord.pw/bots/104976661711179776>`__.

Rewrites
--------

This bot from time to time might go through some rewrites to fix major
and minor bugs in code.

Because of such it might sometimes means that it drops support for other
things.

A such major rewrite was the commands extension one and then soon after
a rewrite yet again to drop support for Python 3.4.

The reason for dropping support for 3.4 is because Discord.py will do
the same soon as well when 3.5 is released on Debian systems.

Submitting Plugins
------------------

As of April 8th 2017 it is now not recommended to submit plugins to this
repository. Submit them to
`here <https://github.com/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot-cogs>`__ as a
pull request instead.

Configuration
-------------

To run this bot you will need 2 things:

    A working Discord Bot Token.

    Your Account ID

Configuration is in ``\\resources\\ConfigData\\``.

Before setting configuration be sure to copy
``Credentials_example.json`` to ``Credentials.json``.

More Documentation on setting that file is `here </Credentials.md>`__.

After you have configurated the bot with a token you can run the bot
like so:

Windows
=======

    with ``DecoraterBot.bat`` that uses the version of python you have
    on the windows path environment variable.

Note: *Before running any of those above patch files you need to run
this file below to install dependencies on your version of python you
installed.*

    ``install_deps.bat`` installs dependencies on the version of python
    you have on the windows path environment variable.

Linux
=====

    with ``DecoraterBot-35.sh`` that uses the current installed Python
    3.5 Interpreter.

    with ``DecoraterBot-36.sh`` that uses the current installed Python
    3.6 Interpreter.

First things first you need to install to ensure you have ``libffi-dev``
installed. You will have to also install ``ffmpeg``.

Now you have to install all dependencies to the bot using these files
(only after you install ``libffi-dev`` and ``ffmpeg``):

    install\_deps-3.5.sh

    install\_deps-3.6.sh

However you will also need to ensure you have the latest ``libopus``
installed.

Other Platforms
===============

This bot should work on other platforms as well, provided that all the
dependencies work for it as well.

Want to help with the bot?
--------------------------

Join the official Cheese.lab servers to help test and contribute to the
development of the bot.

|image2|

And the Bot's Original Server (Kinda dead right now):

|image3|

*Documentation isn't finished yet.*

.. |image0| image:: https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/689e8253ad204350a57ef03cde0818fa
   :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/AraHaan/DecoraterBot?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=AraHaan/DecoraterBot&utm_campaign=badger
.. |image1| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot.svg
   :target: https://github.com/DecoraterBot-devs/DecoraterBot/issues
.. |image2| image:: https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/81812480254291968/widget.png?style=banner2
   :target: https://discord.gg/lab
.. |image3| image:: https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/121816417937915904/widget.png?style=banner2
   :target: https://discord.gg/hNMKZ5Z
